Strugglin in the streets just trying to survive Searchin for the truth is just keepin us alive Gotta break these shackles gotta break these chains Said the only way we'll do it is if we use our brains Said there's gotta be some meaning to the purpose of life I know there must be more than the struggle and strife Cause I'm looking for the answers and I need a clue Cause my mind's so disturbed now what do I do? Notice everywhere there's mass confusion and packs of lies We gotta know! We're starin down our enemies in the eyes We gotta know! These are the days of the cheaters and the cheated We gotta know! But we're not gonna bend you know we won't be defeated We gotta know! Cause my minds so disturbed now What do I do? What do I do? What do I do? This planet's turnin into a hell And I figured out that things don't really look too well Reactions coming they're already starting to show But the question is who'll go with the flow You know there's gonna... be a fight Cause somebody's always tryin to keep ya... from doing the right There's always gonna be somebody comin no matter where you go So now you know why we gotta know

all you hippies better start to face reality. all your far fetched dreams of anarchy. better start to see things the way they are, cause the way things are going they won't be goin' far. world peace can't be done. it just can't exist. world peace can't be done. anarchy's a mess. things are gettin hectic. it's all gonna end. you don't know what's waitin' up around the bend. open your eyes. perhaps you'll realize. if AIDS don't get ya then the warheads will. world peace can't be done. world peace. it just can't exist. world peace. world peace can't be done. world peace. anarchy's a mess. world peace. world peace can't be done. world peace. no it can't. world peace. it just won't exist. world peace. world peace. world peace.

I tried to stop myself Told you those games ain't good for yourself Gave ya advice cuz I thought you could hear Better listen closely cuz your end is near Won't show you no mercy at all Gonna kick ya, kick ya when you're takin your fall Won't show you no mercy today Gonna hit ya, hit ya when you're movin on your way Put ya in check cuz I thought you were my friend Sorry it had to come to the bitter end Just like a blind man you can't see Better move along and just let me be Don't come to me For no sympathy You won't get none here Just leave you in fear Won't show you no mercy at all What does it take to prove you were a fake I thought so anyway, won't show you no mercy today Won't show you no mercy at all

I just can't get through to you Despite all the ways I try or any of the things I do Maybe I'd be better off talkin to a wall Cause you ain't making any sense at all I'm walkin and I'm talkin and I'm tryin and I'm lyin But I just ain't getting through to you I'm walkin and I'm talkin and I'm tryin and I'm lyin But I just ain't getting through to you Am I just wastin, just wasting all my precious time Cause I ain't wastin a breath on you or any of your kind If you had any brains you would open your mind But I guess you're juts afriad of what you're gonna find It's a malfunction

Street justice happening all around you see Won't try to talk my way out Don't try to play those speech games anymore Overpower-Overcome Street Justice Street Justice Street Justice No way out gotta stand strong Can't you see that I'm not wrong That's the way it is and can't you see Street justice for you and me Street Justice Street Justice Street Justice Street Justice If it really doesn't matter why do you care? Don't turn around if it's not your affair Don't try to play those speech games anymore Overpower-Overcome Street Justice Street Justice Street Justice Street Justice Justice!

Livin inside enclosed walls Got no money in my pockets No pictures on the walls Wake up with a gun on my head That's the life, the life I've lead What can I do? Life's hard so I gotta be hard too But things always seem to get in my way But I'm gonna get over for another day Survival of the streets Livin in burnt out buildings Livin in the streets It's the life of the cro-mags Survival of the streets Never know what's comin up ahead If the beast pulls the trigger could wind up dead!

Wastin my time servin my mind For sense pleasures I can find Gotta get back, back to the truth You know it was left behind It's so easy to see, if you wanna be free Don't wanna be just a slave Cause no matter how you choose You know you'll lose If you ain't looking for the truth Searchin and searchin for something real You gotta know how I feel Cause we been looking after the truth Rejected those lies of our youth You've seen the proof This ain't no spoof They tried to bend the truth And we won't regret the things we met If we're on the path of righteousness Now we gotta, we gotta go back Something ain't right so we gotta, we gotta go back Trace our steps and see what we've done It's time for us to go back to square one You just can't seem to see what I mean You know what I'm talkin about Cause we been in bondage much too long Don't you think it's time to get out See time has taken it's toll and they're in control We can't let this madness last Gotta make our move Get in the groove We gotta do something fast

Why you messing around with me Pushin me around Values changing But I can't get caught in it today We won't lose with what we've got Cause we'll just sit and watch it all rot Keep your ideas But keep your distance from me Keep off my back cause the things you do I don't wanna see I don't wanna see Wanna see how far I can go Test my patience see what I know Just not happy with nothing to do Getting bold when there's more than two.

Hard times are comin your way You're gonna have to rise above it someday Organize your life and figure it out Or you'll go under without a doubt Hard times! Hard times! Seems I'm bein forced into a mold Hard times! Hard times! Forcin me and I'm growin cold Hard times are coming through But if you're hard they won't get to you They're gonna try to drive you into the ground But never surrender never go down! Cro-Mag! Skinhead! Breakout! Now!

Fightin it's such a struggle and I got so far Got so far to go Don't want to except no answers But I ain't got nothing Got nothing to show It's such a struggle but I gotta do it By myself Can't except no logic so I gotta do it By myself Such a lonely path but I can't turn my back Can't turn my back right now See I got a role to play And I gotta fill it, gotta fill it somehow I set myself on this path and now Now it's just too late I'd put it all aside but you see this madness Just won't wait Talk nice things but I see I'm really I'm really overflowing with hate I'm talkin, I'm talkin but I never seem to motivate The answers you say they're outta reach But first you gotta learn and then only can you teach You say I'm insecure but ain't you scared of death Cause everyone's grabbing, holding for their final breath

Lie to all your friends The trouble never ends You're gonna take a fall And I don't care at all Stabbed me in the back Somone I trusted Let's get things straight Don't tread on me I thought things were cool But I guess I was a fool And now I know All about you Stabbed me in the back Somone I trusted Let's get things straight Don't tread on me You crossed me once, don't try it again You didn't learn, I'll show you again What goes around, comes back around Revenge, revenge is sweet Don't tread on me

You'd better face those facts It's the blind leadin the blind And there ain't no turning back There's a rhythm to this madness And I think it's gettin strange I can feel it in the air it's time We gotta rearrange It's time for us we gotta make The crucial change Face the facts Nation against nation and it's just so plain to see That's the way that cats and dogs wanna be Hate to think what the future's got in store for me Got a stomach full and just can't take it no more

Ain't really got nothing to say It all comes across in a negative way You, you best learn about bout be humbled Cause you too you'll wind up stumbled Not one bit of substance in a word they speak When they get outspoken it's only with the weak See these wars they're happening and then you're aksing why But just stop by some slaughterhouse and hear the animals cry You missed the point it's over your head I guess you'd rather be negative instead You can't account for these things you've done I'll bet you think this MOI is fun Take you down low and show you some things you've never seen Riding that borderline But there ain't no thing called in between Kick you with some advice and show you now just what I mean

Memories of the times you had That's the way you see yourself You fight for your rights You fight to survive You come into this world With nothing except yourself You, you leave this world With nothing except yourself Do what you want And how you want it Feel it's right, go out and do it Think for yourself and think for the best Or you'll go down just like the rest You come into this world With nothing except yourself You, you leave this world With nothing except yourself

signs of the times, they're all around us no one will look you in the eye you don't know who to trust i'm lookin around me and don't like what i see corruption all around me cause these, these are the signs of the times seems like they're losing their minds these are the signs of the times do you think that we're really progressin just seems to me like some steady regression i'm lookin on and watchin it corrode gotta hold back or i'm gonna explode take a look at where we're going i'm seeing the signs and what they're showing i'm totally in disbelief of modern man and all his grief these are the signs of the times